[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I love this recipe.
This is incredible.
I learned this from
my friend [INAUDIBLE],,
who's behind the camera.
And he told me that
this is called toggie.
And toggie means sprouts.
And it's such a quick meal.
If you've had a really,
really busy day,
and you want something
quite nourishing and quite
luxurious--
and when I mean
luxurious, I mean
there is nothing better
than a steamed meal.
I find that luxurious.
A lot of people find
other things luxurious.
But I find that luxurious.
This is really, really simple.
One of the things that
we're going to do first
is clean our mushrooms.
And I like to not wash them
because it washes away flavors.
So using a paper towel is the
best way to clean mushrooms.
Some people wash them.
I'm not a fan of the
washing of the fungi.
No, not good.
So what I do is--
and there's a little bit of
dirt on there, as you can see.
So what I do, is I
just wipe them down.
Just wiping down one at a time
and going through them all.
And please, please
don't peel them.
A lot of people do these ones.
I have no idea why.
[LAUGHS] No.
Really, I don't know
why people do that.
But as chefs, we
just wipe them down.
We bless them.
And full flowered--
[LAUGHS] full flavor.
And if you do wash
them in water,
they will absorb that water.
And I'm telling you they
will absorb that water.
And they'll be very, very moist.
So we're ready to go.
This is a great recipe.
I need some capsicum as well.
I need some garlic.
I need some chili.
Like I said, I've
just come home.
And it's going to
be this simple.
And I need some cabbage as well.
So I've got a lovely
green cabbage here.
So I've got all my
ingredients ready.
So I'm going to chop up
these mushrooms first.
Now you can chop them as big
and as little as you like.
It just depends on what you
want to accomplish here.
I want things to
be quite chunky.
So I'm going to cut
them into quarters.
And you can have as much
and as little as you like.
This is going to be for two.
It's going to be for myself
and my girlfriend, who's
just in the background.
So I've got those
chopped up ready.
Actually, [INAUDIBLE],, you
might like to have some of this
as well, hey?
>> Hmm?
>> I said, you might like to
have some of this as well.
This is your dish here.
Now for some chili.
You don't have to add
chili if you don't want to.
Actually, my knife
is just a bit blunt.
As much and as little
chili as you like.
Take the seeds out if you
don't want it too hot.
Actually, I want it like
this because I like the heat.
And so does my girlfriend.
So I want it-- now, garlic.
This was the
unusual part for me,
was steaming cloves of garlic.
But I tell you, it just
brings [INAUDIBLE] this dish.
Just taking off the
skins like that,
see how they come off
easy when you just
give it a bit of a tap?
I love that.
I love how that happens.
That's one of the
greatest things
I ever learned, was that.
And one more.
Just a little tap because I
don't want them to be mush--
oh, like that one [LAUGHS].
Just a little tap.
I'm just going to chop
this up into slices.
Now to my right, I have some
water boiling in a steamer.
So I've got a little steam
basket on top of a pot of water
just here.
And it's ready to rock and roll.
I'm going to take my--
now be careful with this
because it is steam.
I'm going to take my basket out.
You can use a bamboo
steamer if you like.
It would be awesome if you did.
I just don't happen
to have one right now.
And that's OK.
We've got what we've got.
So I'm going to put my mushrooms
just in here like this,
just so they're out of the way.
And then I've got my
garlic, chili, and capsicum
just there in the corner there.
This is so good.
Now I need some green cabbage.
I'm actually going to use a half
a green cabbage for two people.
I'm just going to take
off that outer leaf.
It's a wee bit damaged.
Not too thin and not
too thick, just right.
Put that cabbage
in there like this.
Just pack it down.
Now the next thing I want to
do-- before I put any more
cabbage-- is that I just
want to put some salt
and pepper on my
cabbage before I start
pushing it down even more.
So there's a little bit
of flavor happening there.
There we go.
Salt and pepper on my mushrooms.
I'm pretty sure
everything's got everything.
Now it seems like a lot.
And it actually is.
But when you steam
it, it all shrinks.
And it becomes a perfect amount.
The next bit is the tempeh.
This is fresh tempeh.
I'm in Indonesia right now.
And this is on tap.
And it's exquisite.
I love it.
I'm just going to put
a few slices in here.
this in so it captures--
you can get some of that
steam coming through.
And I'm going to salt
and pepper that as well.
It's really important,
salt and pepper.
I've mentioned this 1,000 times.
And I'll keep mentioning it.
It is the building
blocks of flavor.
Now the last thing
is the toggie--
sprouts in English.
I'm just going to
put these in last.
So I'm going to pop
this in my steam--
into my pot that's already
boiling and ready to go,
being mindful it is steam.
So I've come home.
Now I've used
whatever vegetables.
I've got.
So if I don't have the
same ingredients, it's OK.
If you got some pumpkin
or sweet potato--
what makes this
dish is the garlic
and the chili and the capsicum.
That's what just brings it home.
It's so delicious.
Now I'm going to steam
that for probably
about four or five minutes.
And then I'm going
to put the toggie in.
Now I want a little dressing
to go with this, just
a little bit more flavor.
So I want to make just
a soy, sesame seed,
gorgeous little dressing,
just to add that touch to it.
So I need some sesame seed oil.
Oh, that's not it.
Sesame seed oil and
soy is just divine.
And if you need that--
oh.
hang on a minute.
If you need that
sweetness in there,
you can add maple as well.
This whole situation
I've got here
without any labels on anything
really forces me to smell.
So I would advise
you all at home
to get present in this moment.
And even though there's a
label on that soy sauce,
just to open it and smell it
and get really present with it
because it's quite
extraordinary when
you allow your senses to have
that moment because you just
know it's soy sauce.
But when you smell
it, you're like,
oh, yeah, I remember
that flavor.
Just give this a wee mix.
I do want to add a
little bit of maple
in there just because
I want to today.
You don't have to.
Like I said, the
recipe is there,
but to just take it where
you want to take it.
That little bit of sweetness to
that savory of the sesame seed
oil, and the
saltiness of the soy,
and then the
sweetness of the maple
is a really lovely dressing.
I'm smiling because this is
one of my favorite dressings.
Just have a taste of this.
Yeah, baby.
Oh, it's that good.
[LAUGHS] It really is.
It's just going to add to
that flavor over there.
Now the recipe is there.
And I'm showing you what
to do, the technique of it
and everything.
You can really go to town
here with this sauce.
You can get some
grated ginger in there.
You could add some
chili in there.
You could put some
more garlic in there.
shallots in there.
It's just endless what
you could do with that.
So don't feel like this is it.
It's really important
that you know that.
So the next thing is this
is steaming quite nicely.
Let's have a look
how we're going here.
This is coming
along really nicely.
Just have a poke around and
see how soft things are.
Not yet.
Nearly, but not quite yet.
Oh, I can smell that garlic.
Oh, that garlic is sensational.
It's coming through.
Cabbage is a little bit
too crisp for my liking.
So we're just
going to let that--
give it a couple more
minutes before we
had those sprouts in there.
And then we're ready to go.
But that sauce is ready.
It's fantastic.
You're going to love this.
What else do I need?
I need a plate to serve it on.
And then we're ready to eat.
So this is just beautiful.
Now I'm going to
add my sprouts--
toggie in Indonesian--
to my steaming pot here.
Everything's really
wilted down well.
The flavors have come through.
I can smell the garlic.
It's gorgeous.
And this last bit of
ingredients is just
going to bring this home.
And I'm only going to
steam this for a good--
maybe a minute.
I don't want them to
be completely mashed.
So about a minute, and then
we're ready to serve up.
Like I said, this is for two.
And it was quite a
lot of cabbage there.
Did you notice that it was
quite a bit of cabbage.
And that's really
gone down a bit.
So I want a nice plate
that's enough for two.
So I've got one of these.
This is done.
It's been about-- between
the time I got the plate out,
and I'm ready to
serve out, the sprouts
have been on there for
less than a minute.
We are sorted.
Hot steam, so just be careful
and be really mindful of that,
especially if kids are around.
Be really mindful.
I'd like to put this--
and it's one of those
things with food.
I love to make food
look gorgeous and really
edible to the eye first.
So what I'm going to do
is just arrange this.
And you can arrange
this however you like.
But I like to arrange
it so they're all
into their little places.
And those sprouts
are just gorgeous.
And not for long either,
just that amount of time.
And that cabbage is wilted
down well, really well.
I'm getting a little
bit of a facial
here [LAUGHS] while
I'm serving this.
It's actually funny.
It's got a little
bit of color in here.
Now that's the
garlic and the chili
that is the strongest-smelling
ingredient here.
And it smells gorgeous.
Steaming garlic,
it's just beautiful.
It's soft and sweet,
really lovely in that chili
and that sweetness of
that capsicum as well.
It's definitely a
marriage, this one.
And then the mushrooms last.
And this is a divine dish
that my gorgeous friend,
[INAUDIBLE],, which is
behind the camera right now,
has taught me how to make this.
Now I'm going to put the
dressing in a little shot glass
because I'm going to serve
this up to my girlfriend.
There's quite a few people
behind the scenes here today.
They're going to love this.
Just sit that in there.
That is one of
the most quickest,
fastest meals for someone that's
rushing, that's just come home.
There's cabbage in the fridge.
There's some mushrooms
in the fridge.
That simple, into a
steamer and onto the plate
and fully nourished.
And your organs are just
going to love you for this.
I'm salivating because I can
actually smell the garlic,
it's so strong.
So there we go.
Toggie.
I'm not going to say
toggie sprout because that
means sprout, sprout [LAUGHS].
Toggie and steamed tempeh.
It's just beautiful.
And if you don't like tempeh,
I put some tofu in there.
And if you don't like tofu,
some gorgeous eggplant
would be lovely.
But remember to season that
well with salt and pepper.
Enjoy this.
Write your comments below.
Let me know how you go.
Yum.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Welcome to where we eat.
It's what we do.
It's the new diet.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE]